Update to Fastify v.3 and lc39 v.4 (#121)
mia-platform/custom-plugin-lib: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unrealeased]

### BREAKING CHANGES

> 

Reviewer: We have noticed that the update of fastify-env may have broken the support to both `required` and `default` defined at the same time in the env jsonSchema

Reviewer 2: let's add this detail to the changelog, also let's add the ajv changelog link so the user can see the breaking changes.

> - [RJMR-24](https://makeitapp.atlassian.net/browse/RJMR-24) ajv formats are no longer supported. Validation can now be achieved using a pattern field and specifying a regular expression 

Reviewer 2: There's no need to link private tasks in the public changelogs

```suggestion
- ajv formats are no longer supported. Validation can now be achieved using a pattern field and specifying a regular expression 
```

### Fixed

- replaced expired test certificates with new ones that will expire on 3 September 3061
### Changed

- the `getDirectServiceProxy` function now can receive a complete url as `serviceName` parameter

> - [RJMR-24](https://makeitapp.atlassian.net/browse/RJMR-24) update dependencies to fastify v.3 and lc39 to v4.0.0

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- update dependencies to fastify v3 and lc39 to v4.0.0
```
